porting callable functions (#968)
firebase/functions-samples: 2nd-gen/callable-functions/functions/README.md

Firebase HTTPS Callable functions Quickstart
================================================

The HTTPS Callable functions Quickstart demonstrates how to send requests to a server-side function and get a response back using one of the Client SDKs. It interoperates with the Web, iOS and Android quickstarts.

> Introduction
> ------------
> 
> [Read more about Cloud Functions for Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/docs/functions/)
> 
> 
> Getting Started
> ---------------
> 
> TODO
> 
> 
> Support
> -------
> 
> - [Firebase Support](https://firebase.google.com/support/)
> 
> 

Reviewer: We can keep this very minimal for now. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
[Read more about Cloud Functions for Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/docs/functions/)

Getting Started
---------------

1. Install dependencies with `npm install` and deploy with `firebase deploy --only functions`
1. Set up a client (import the functions client SDK, initializeApp, init the functions sdk)
2. Call the function

```
